Alpha deployment instructions (#741)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-alpha/deploying/overview.md

    weight: 3050
section_menu: corda-5-alpha
---
Corda 5 Alpha is intended for deployment to a Kubernetes cluster using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).
As part of the release, R3 delivers Docker images and Helm charts to aid the deployment process.
For each deployment, you must create a YAML file to define a set of Helm overrides for that environment.

> The deployment and its configuration process is described [here](../deployment-tutorials/tutorial-k8s.html) in the Tutorials section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment and its configuration process is described in the [Deploying to a Local Kubernetes Cluster](../deployment-tutorials/tutorial-k8s.html) tutorial.
```
It's best practice to avoid generic words like "here", "more", "click here" in hyperlinks. Use the actual title of the doc you're linking to.
